W-18952574 update gen ai troubleshooting (#480)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/troubleshoot-gen-ai.adoc

The following errors sometimes occur when you use Generative AI for Anypoint Code Builder.

== Unexpected Query Results When Using the Generative AI Feature

> If the results returned by the agent aren't what you want, make sure your message includes the required information the agent needs to xref:api-ai-create-spec.adoc#design-spec-ai[design your API spec]. Consider adding the optional details provided in the API spec design guidance as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the results returned by the agent aren't what you want, ensure your message includes information the agent needs to xref:api-ai-create-spec.adoc#design-spec-ai[design your API spec]. Consider adding the optional details provided in the API spec design guidance as well.
```

Need implies required to me. Not that important though.
